docs(account): added lost email form (#6701)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/account/troubleshooting/cannot-log-into-my-account.mdx

If you lose both your TOTP MFA app and backup codes, and do not have a passkey set up, the only way to regain access to your account is through a manual identity verification.

To do so, fill in the [account recovery form](https://account.scaleway.com/lost-access) and select **Lost 2FA device** as the issue type. Provide the following information:

- The organization number registered on your account, if you have one
- If you have a personal account, an identity document (ID card, passport, or equivalent) and a bill showing your name

> - If you have a corporate account, a business certificate (with a translation if it is not in English or French) and a bill showing your business name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have a corporate account, a business certificate (if it is not in English or French, provide a translation - the translation does not need to be certified) and a bill showing your business name
```

Reviewer: I really like the fact that under "Supported documents", you added the detail about the translation not having to be certified. Let's add it here too.
